---
layout: default
id: npc-waiver
title: Show Waiver
parent: Policies
nav_order: 4
---

#  Show Waiver
The following sample waiver is posted and provided for our venue partners and on-site audiences as an example of what in-person attendees may be asked to sign to participate in the virtual reality experience. 

### ASSUMPTION OF RISK, RELEASE, WAIVER OF LIABILITY, AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT

In consideration of being permitted by The Jigsaw Ensemble, it’s host(s) and it’s affilitate(s) (herein collectively referred to as the “PRODUCTION”) to use the equipment of and participate in the activities of Non-Player Character now and in the future, I, the undersigned, on behalf of myself, (and if applicable) my child or ward (both of us hereinafter referred to as “I” or “Participant”), my spouse, parents, heirs, estate, insurers, and assigns and, if applicable, the parents, heirs, estate, insurers, and assigns of my child or ward (collectively, the “RELEASING PARTIES”) hereby agree as follows: 

Assumption of Inherent Risks and Dangers. I acknowledge and agree that virtual reality technologies  entail certain risks that simply cannot be eliminated without jeopardizing the essential qualities of the activities and regardless of the care taken by PRODUCTION. For example, the use of digital equipment linked with cables may expose Participants to the risk of cuts, bruises, and more serious injuries. The use of virtual reality equipment may subject to the user to mental stress and anxiety. The use of virtual reality equipment obstructs the vision of Participants, which can lead to injury, even where digital warnings are present to warn Participants of approaching partitions. Further, the acts or omissions of other adults and children attending PRODUCTION’s facilities, using its equipment, and participating in its activities can also be the cause of injury and even death to a Participant. In any event, if I or if applicable, my child or ward is injured, I or, if applicable, my child or ward may require medical assistance, such medical assistance will be at my sole cost and expense. I hereby assert that my and if applicable, my child’s or ward’s, use of the PRODUCTION’s facilities and equipment and participation in the activities at PRODUCTION’s Non-Player Character  is voluntary and that I/we knowingly assume all inherent risks of such ac

Indemnification. The RELEASNG PARTIES hereby agree to, release, hold harmless, defend, and indemnify PRODUCTION, its licensees, franchisees, owners, shareholders, members, partners, employees, directors, officers, managers, agents, volunteers, manufacturers, participants, lessors, affiliates, subsidiaries, related and affiliated entities, successors and assigns (collectively, the “RELEASED PARTIES”) (i.e., defend and pay any judgment and legal costs and expenses, including, without limitation, attorney’s fees and other expenses) from any and all claims of any or all of the RELEASING PARTIES arising from my and if applicable, my child’s or ward’s death, injury, or loss due to the use of the facilities and equipment of PRODUCTION and the participation in activities and related presence on the premises of PRODUCTION by me and, if applicable, my child or ward (including, without limitation, those arising from the inherent risks of such activity or the ordinary negligence of any or all of the RELEASED PARTIES or other third parties, including, without limitation, other attendees at the PRODUCTION facilities). The RELEASING PARTIES further agree to hold harmless, defend, and indemnify the RELEASED PARTIES against any and all claims of co-Participants, rescuers, and others arising from my and, if applicable, my child’s or ward’s conduct in the course of use of the facilities and equipment of PRODUCTION and the participation in activities and related presence on the premises of PRODUCTION by me and if applicable my child or ward. 

Health and Medical Care. I am (and, if applicable, my child or ward is) in good health, and have (and has) no special health problems or issues. I hereby certify that I am (and, if applicable, my child or ward is) not under the influence of drugs or alcohol. I authorize for myself and if applicable my child or ward a licensed medical care provider to carry out any emergency medical care which may be necessary, and I agree to be fully responsible for any associated costs and expenses. 

Photographs and Records. For myself and if applicable on behalf of my child or ward, in consideration of being permitted to use the PRODUCTION facilities and equipment and to participate in its activities, I hereby grant to PRODUCTION, its parent company, and all licensees and affiliated companies and entities, the irrevocable right and permission to photograph and/or record me and, if applicable, my child or ward, to use such photographs and recordings for all purposes, including, without limitation, advertising and promotional purposes, in any manner in any and all media now or hereafter known or discovered, in perpetuity throughout the world, without limitation or restriction, and with the right to make changes or alterations to such photographs and recordings. On behalf of myself and, if applicable, on behalf of my child or ward, I hereby waive any right to inspect or approve such photographs and, any changes or alterations thereto or the use thereof, and on my behalf and, if applicable, on behalf of my child or ward, I acknowledge and agree that the rights granted pursuant to this Section 4 are without compensation of any kind. All Photographs and/or Recordings are exclusive to PRODUCTION. 

Mediation or Arbitration. I agree that if any dispute shall arise from this Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement or from my or, if applicable, my child’s or ward’s use of the facilities and equipment of PRODUCTION or participation in the activities and related presence on the premises of PRODUCTION by me and, if applicable, my child and ward, I shall first engage in good faith efforts to mediate the dispute. Any agreement reached will be formalized by a written agreement at that time. Should the issue not be resolved by mediation, I agree that all claims and disputes arising under or relating to this Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement or the use of the facilities and equipment of PRODUCTION or participation in the activities and related presence on the premises of PRODUCTION by me or, if applicable, my child or ward are to be settled by binding arbitration in the state of California. The arbitration shall be conducted on a confidential basis pursuant to the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the JAMS. Any decision or award as a result of any such arbitration proceeding shall be in writing and shall provide an explanation for all conclusions of law and fact. Any such arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator who shall be a retired judge of any California Court or Federal Court located in the State of California. An award of arbitration may be confirmed in any California State Court of competent jurisdiction. The arbitrator’s award shall be in writing and provide a written statement of the essential findings and conclusions. The arbitrator shall not have the power to commit any error of law or legal reasoning, and the award may be vacated or corrected on appeal to a court of competent jurisdiction for any such error. This arbitration provision is subject to the California Arbitration Act, and may be enforced in any California State Court of competent jurisdiction located in the State of California. 

Severability. I further expressly agree that this Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement is intended to be as broad and inclusive as is permitted by the laws of the State of California and that if any portion thereof is held invalid, it is agreed that the balance shall, notwithstanding, continue in full force and effect. 

Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be interpreted and construed under and governed by the laws of the State of California, without giving effect to that State’s choice of law rules. 

Acknowledgement of Understanding. I have read this Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement and fully understand its terms. I understand that I am giving up substantial rights, including, without limitation, my rights, (if applicable) the rights of my child or ward, and the rights of the RELEASING PARTIES to sue for damages in the event of death, injury, or loss. I acknowledge that I am signing this Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement freely and voluntarily, and intend by my signature below, that this Agreement be a complete and unconditional release of the RELEASED PARTIES from all liability, including, without limitation, that due to inherent risks of the activities described herein and the ordinary negligence of the RELEASED PARTIES, to the greatest extent allowed by the laws of the State of California. 

Misrepresentation and Fraudulent Execution of This Agreement. I AGREE TO INDEMNIFY THE RELEASED PARTIES FOR ALL LIABILITY AND CLAIMS, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ATTORNEYS’ FEES, ARISING FROM ANY MISREPRESENTATIONS OR FRAUDULENT EXECUTION OF THIS ASSUMPTION OF RISK, RELEASE, WAIVER OF LIABILITY, AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT. 

Application of this Agreement. I ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THIS ASSUMPTION OF RISK, RELEASE, WAIVER OF LIABILITY, AND INDEMNITY AGREEMENT WILL APPLY FOR EACH AND EVERY TIME I OR MY CHILD OR WARD ATTENDS PRODUCTION’s FACILITIES, USES ANY OF ITS EQUIPMENT OR FACILITIES, OR PARTICIPATES IN ANY OF ITS ACTIVITIES. 

References to “My Child or Ward”. All references in this Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement to “my child or ward” shall to refer to each and every child or ward listed below. 

No Refunds. I agree and understand that use of PRODUCTION’s facilities and equipment, and participation in its activities, is subject to PRODUCTION’s determination that my participation (and, if applicable, my child or ward’s participation) is safe, and I agree that PRODUCTION’s staff or authorized agents may, in their sole discretion, determine it is unsafe for me (and, if applicable, my child or ward) to continue participating, and may remove me (and, if applicable, my child or ward) from the premises by any lawful means, without issuing any refund. 

Complete Agreement. This Assumption of Risk, Release, Waiver of Liability, and Indemnity Agreement is the entire agreement and understanding of the RELEASING PARTIES and the RELEASED PARTIES with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings regarding the subject matter hereof which are merged herein. 

I AM AWARE THAT I AM RELEASING CERTAIN LEGAL RIGHTS THAT I AND/OR MY CHILD (CHILDREN) OR WARD(S), MAY OTHERWISE HAVE. 
> Participant 
> First Name: 
> Last Name: 
> City: 
> Country: 
> State: 
> Phone Number: Birth Date: 
> Electronic Signature Authorization 

By applying my electronic signature to this agreement, I agree that my electronic signature is the legally binding equivalent of my handwritten signature on paper. I will not, at any future time, claim that my electronic signature is not legally binding or enforceable. By electronically signing and submitting this agreement, I 1) acknowledge that I have read and fully understand the terms of the agreement; 2) voluntarily agree to be bound by this agreement; and 3) certify that I am 18 years of age or older. My signature applies to all pages of this contract. I understand that I will receive a Portable Document Format (PDF) version of this agreement after it is signed at the email address I have provided. To view the PDF document, I understand that I will need software that enables me to receive and access PDF files such as Adobe Reader software or other software capable of reading a PDF file. In order to print and retain a hard copy of this agreement, I understand that I will also need a printer connected to my computer. I understand that if I wish to sign a hard copy of this agreement instead of an electronic version, I must contact the party that requires my signature on this agreement directly. 

___________________________ Participant Signature
